Set default policy server as orfinary resource and allow users to disable it (#65)
kubewarden/helm-charts: charts/kubewarden-policy-server/README.md

# kubewarden-policy-server

`kubewarden-policy-server` is the Helm chart that installs a default Policy Server

> required by the Kubewarden to run `ClusterAdmissionPolicy`. It should be installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
required by the Kubewarden to run `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` or `AdmissionPolicy`. It should be installed
```

before installing any policies.

## Installing

For example:
```console
$ helm repo add kubewarden https://charts.kubewarden.io
$ helm install --create-namespace -n kubewarden kubewarden-policy-server kubewarden/kubewarden-policy-server
```

For a more comprehensive documentation about how to install the whole Kubewarden
stack, check the `kubewarden-controller` chart documentation out.

## Upgrading the charts

Please refer to the release notes of each version of the helm charts.
These can be found [here](https://github.com/kubewarden/helm-charts/releases).

## Uninstalling the charts

> To uninstall/delete kubewarden-crds use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall/delete kubewarden-policy-server use the following command:
```
